` https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com is holding a pre-thanksgiving celebration. As part of the festivities, 
they are holding a race between their users. It is a race from the server to the client. 
The first one to arrive will be named the winner, and can proudly deliver their company's catchPhrase. 
Then the rest of the users will be listed in order of arrival, noting their position. 
Once everyone arrived and the race is over, the viewers will be promptly notified. 
The winner then will be excused from the responsibilty of entertaining the viewers and will be allowed 
to take care of their incomplete todos. To raise compassion among the viewers, all the todos that they need to do will be listed. ` 

Part 0: Make our xhr requests have a random delay between 0-5 seconds to make the race more interesting. '5 min' 
Part 1: Request all 10 users one by one. '5 min' 
Part 2: Use Promise.race to announce the winner. '10 min' 
Part 3: Set up all the .then handlers for showing the contestants as they arrive. 
You will need some kind of global variable to keep track of the places. Do not forget that the first one is already shown, 
do not repeat him/her. '15 min' 
Part 4: Use Promise.all to announce the end of the race. '10 min' 
Part 5: Get all the todos belonging to the winner once we know who it is, 
from "https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users/:winnerId/todos" 



// Appearence of the result

And the winner is: Leanne Graham - Multi-layered client-server neural-net 

2. Ervin Howell 
3. Clementine Bauch 
4. Patricia Lebsack 
5. Chelsey Dietrich 
6. Mrs. Dennis Schulist 
7. Kurtis Weissnat 
8. Nicholas Runolfsdottir V 
9. Glenna Reichert 
10. Clementina DuBuque 

The race is over. 

Unfortunately Leanne Graham has to leave to take care of the following: 
- delectus aut autem 
- quis ut nam facilis et officia qui 
- fugiat veniam minus 
- laboriosam mollitia et enim quasi adipisci quia provident illum 
- qui ullam ratione quibusdam voluptatem quia omnis 
- illo expedita consequatur quia in 
- molestiae perspiciatis ipsa 
- et doloremque nulla 
- dolorum est consequatur ea mollitia in culpa